Blogger
=======


Welcome to Blogger!

This was developed using Docker, PostgresSQL, PGAdmin, Python, SQLAlchemy, psycopg2, and Flask in vscode. API tested using Insomnia.

The design is simple.  It mainly contains user, blog, posts and comments.  
User can:
1. Create/fetch/update/delete account, blog, post, comment
2. Follow/unfollow blogs

By author Ivy Shih - ivy.shih.work@gmail.com
<br><br>
p.s. Like/unlike, comment on top of comments were not added intentionally.  They have been popular with Facebook but it causes a lot drama on social media!
This is more for information sharing and reading. 

Here is the summary list of files included:
    <table>
      <tr>
        <td>File</td>
        <td>Usage</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Blogger/requirements.txt</td>
        <td>Python modules used, and a lot more for experimentations</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Blogger/projectEndPoints.docx</td>
          <td>All the API endpoints documentation</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Blogger/flask/Generated_ERD_pgadmin.PNG</td>
          <td>ERD diagram generated by PGadmin</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Blogger/flask/blogger.sql</td>
          <td>SQL file used to create the database, passed through docker images</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Blogger/flask/seed.py</td>
          <td>python code to generate sample data to populate the database using Faker</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Blogger/flask/Blogger_pgdump.sql</td>
          <td>pgdump.sql for the database that includes sample data</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Blogger/flask/Insomnia_2021-10-23.json</td>
          <td>the API end point testing done in Insomnia</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Blogger/flask/blogger/src</td>
          <td>ource code for DB class model and API implementations</td>
        </tr>
    </table>



